---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azurefahs Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: "Majority of the code in this provider was taken directly from azurerm provider"
  
---

# azurefahs Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **auxiliary_tenant_ids** (List of String)
- **client_certificate_password** (String) The password associated with the Client Certificate. For use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Certificate
- **client_certificate_path** (String) The path to the Client Certificate associated with the Service Principal for use when authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Certificate.
- **client_id** (String) The Client ID which should be used.
- **client_secret** (String) The Client Secret which should be used. For use When authenticating as a Service Principal using a Client Secret.
- **disable_correlation_request_id** (Boolean) This will disable the x-ms-correlation-request-id header.
- **disable_terraform_partner_id** (Boolean) This will disable the Terraform Partner ID which is used if a custom `partner_id` isn't specified.
- **environment** (String) The Cloud Environment which should be used. Possible values are public, usgovernment, german, and china. Defaults to public.
- **metadata_host** (String) The Hostname which should be used for the Azure Metadata Service.
- **metadata_url** (String, Deprecated) Deprecated - replaced by `metadata_host`.
- **msi_endpoint** (String) The path to a custom endpoint for Managed Service Identity - in most circumstances this should be detected automatically.
- **partner_id** (String) A GUID/UUID that is registered with Microsoft to facilitate partner resource usage attribution.
- **skip_credentials_validation** (Boolean) This will cause the AzureRM Provider to skip verifying the credentials being used are valid.
- **skip_provider_registration** (Boolean) Should the AzureRM Provider skip registering all of the Resource Providers that it supports, if they're not already registered?
- **storage_use_azuread** (Boolean) Should the AzureRM Provider use AzureAD to access the Storage Data Plane API's?
- **subscription_id** (String) The Subscription ID which should be used.
- **tenant_id** (String) The Tenant ID which should be used.
- **use_msi** (Boolean) Allowed Managed Service Identity be used for Authentication.
